fix: [ENG-8644] overriding omit in fetchOneEntry to be empty string (#3975)
BuilderIO/builder: .changeset/slimy-islands-end.md

---
"@builder.io/sdk": patch
"@builder.io/react": patch
"@builder.io/sdk-angular": patch
"@builder.io/sdk-react-nextjs": patch
"@builder.io/sdk-qwik": patch
"@builder.io/sdk-react": patch
"@builder.io/sdk-react-native": patch
"@builder.io/sdk-solid": patch
"@builder.io/sdk-svelte": patch
"@builder.io/sdk-vue": patch
---

> Fix: correctly set default value for `meta.componentsUsed` in Content API calls.

Reviewer: as we are fixing the omit field, something like this?
```suggestion
Fix: correctly set default value for `omit` field as `meta.componentsUsed` in Content API calls and preserve empty string
```

> Fix: meta.componentsUsed was incorrectly omitted by default when using fetchOneEntry.

Reviewer 2: - when writing code in changesets its best to use backquotes \`\`, e.g. `meta.componentsUsed`
- `fetchOneEntry` is the name for Gen2 specifically, but this changeset is for gen1 as well

```suggestion
Fix: correctly set default value for `meta.componentsUsed` in Content API calls.
```
